[TON Research](/)

# [NyaCoin - A great investment for PSYCHOS](/t/nyacoin-a-great-investment-for-psychos/15528)

[General](/c/general/4) 

    

[Nyackro](https://tonresear.ch/u/Nyackro)  May 1, 2024, 6:06pm  1

I present to you an incredible, huge, amazing project called “NyaCoin” and invite you to invest in this newest bankruptcy prospect. How does this coin differ from others and why should you invest in it?  
Oh well… BECAUSE IT IS OWNED BY A DAMN PSYCHOPATH COSPLAYING BOGDANOF WITH HIS PUMP AND DUMP IT SCHEME, I HAVE A TON OF GENIUS JUST AMAZING IDEAS THAT WILL BLOW THE ROOF OF ANY INVESTOR, MY MAIN IDEA IS WHAT I WANT BURN 100% OF ALL NYACOINS AS SOON AS ITS TVL REACHES 1000 DOLLARS, CONSIDERING THAT AT 1000 DOLLARS TVL 20 MILLION NYACOIN COINS WILL BE USED, AND I HAVE 400,000 COINS POINTED INTO THE LIQUIDITY POOL (THOUGH I WILL PUT ANOTHER 300-400K THEN INTO THE POOL IF REALLY PEOPLE WOULD START PURCHASING AND WHO AM I? STUPID? WELL… MAYBE, BUT I WOULD GO DOWN WITH MY SHIP IF IT’S GONNA DROWN AND ASCEND IF IT’S) IT TURN OUT THAT THE MOST PART OF ALL COINS RESIDING AFTER THIS APOCALYPSE WILL BE NOT WITH MY CREATOR, BUT WITH THE PEOPLE, JUST A MOST INCREDIBLE EXPERIMENT, I CAN’T EVEN IMAGINE HOW THIS MAY INFLUENCE THE MARKET, BUT BEFORE I WILL BE BURNING 10% OF ALL NYACOINS EVERY DAY STARTING TOMORROW, I’M TIRED OF WAITING FOR SOMEONE TO INVEST IN THIS COIN BECAUSE IT’S EITHER ALL OR NOTHING, YOU HEAR ME PEOPLE, I’LL BURN THEM, I’LL BURN EVERYTHING OTHERS, HERE WHAT HAVE YOU DRIVED ME TO WITH YOUR IGNORING MY COIN SINCE ITS CREATION.  
Phew, okay… If you’re interested and this post hasn’t been banned, then here’s a cart of this coin with 0 subscribers, I don’t know what I’m posting there for myself, some kind of schizoid: [https://https](https://https)://t.me/+G8GYUbwQPHE2OWIy  
In general, I just don’t know how else to attract attention to a no-name coin, I really wanted it to develop, but no one invested, so now it has become just a crazy experiment with crypto, I have never seen anyone burn so many coins, so I wonder what will happen, I don’t have the strength to develop this project for any long time. So if you are a risk-taker, then welcome to Nyacoin, the most controversial coin, what will happen after burning and counting all the coins left in a circulation? I don’t know, it’s obvious that the price will rise, but people will start withdrawing the coin and the price will start to fall, what the price will be, how much it will grow, what the future of the coin will be is unknown, but I would like to look at it, so I hope I’ll get at least some attention, about the coin, i think it’s obvious, I revoked the right to edit, otherwise there was no point in such an experiment if it was possible to just print new coins lol.  
You can look at the tone of the minter for yourself at the coin address: EQAiX81ylxmJJ\_3miIkKBmOakWCX-HMS4hsP3ObwBFLxg4xH  
You can also check there that all the coins are really in my wallet, and it wasn’t me who was so cunning and secretive and sent everything to other accounts ahah, well, there are gone at most 20k coins, I don’t know where they are, I don’t remember why I sent them there, but another 10k each I sent it to my lads to buy an echpochmak or if the project REEEALLY GOING TO BLOW UP would buy a shawarma later on.  
And yes, to eliminate questions in the future, the ton minter platform actually allows you to burn all coins at once, which is actually shocking considering that if you don’t warn about this, it can lead to extremely unpredictable consequences, but someone will definitely lose money in this chaos, and someone will make money, kinda not fair (yeah, it’s me saying it lmao).  
Also i was wondering in telegram about what i will do if coin would get to 1000 dollars in like a day cause that’s would be boring to burn everything then right away, but i’m a man of a word, so i would do it if the community not gonna ask me do to otherwise, if it’s really gonna escalate fast i’ll do a poll in a telegram asking you guys about what to do, burn or wait.  
Well, okay, that’s all, follow the news in the telegram, write, comment, it’s interesting to know what you think about this coin, is this idea doomed to failure or is it still a really interesting investment?  
And yeah, this post was translated mostly with google cause i’m too lazy to translate it myself lol.  
Oh, yeah, i forgot, here’s a link to a coin: [STON.fi](https://app.ston.fi/pools/EQAu7AQBz7XNShyYLJRWNxgcKmU7wDkFaZaghuiCGnaqgnZg) (hope that it would work cause telegram users said they were having problems accessing it)

 

*   [Home](/)
*   [Categories](/categories)
*   [Guidelines](/guidelines)

Powered by [Discourse](https://www.discourse.org), best viewed with JavaScript enabled