[TON Research](/)

# [Big coin، Global activity, income for all](/t/big-coin-global-activity-income-for-all/17997)

[The Open League](/c/the-open-league/token-leaderboard/57)  [Token Battle](/c/the-open-league/token-leaderboard/57) 

    

[Mohsen\_Niki](https://tonresear.ch/u/Mohsen_Niki)  May 14, 2024, 12:14pm  1

## [](#token-name-1)Token Name=

Big coin

## [](#projects-twitter-2)Project’s Twitter

## [](#please-describe-your-project-and-token-utility-3)Please describe your project and token utility

## [](#please-provide-detailed-information-on-your-token-distribution-especially-indicating-the-of-token-supply-held-by-the-team-and-the-status-of-the-teams-lp-tokens-4)Please provide detailed information on your token distribution, especially indicating the % of token supply held by the team and the status of the team’s LP tokens

## [](#please-describe-your-project-roadmap-for-the-next-6-12-months-5)Please describe your project roadmap for the next 6-12 months

## [](#link-to-the-tokens-page-on-redoubt-andor-dyor-6)Link to the token’s page on re:doubt and/or DYOR

## [](#link-to-the-tokens-page-on-geckoterminal-7)Link to the token’s page on Geckoterminal

## [](#link-to-the-tokens-page-on-coinmarketcap-if-your-token-is-not-listed-there-write-na-8)Link to the token’s page on Coinmarketcap (if your token is not listed there, write n/a)

## [](#link-to-the-tokens-page-on-coingecko-if-your-token-is-not-listed-there-write-na-9)Link to the token’s page on Coingecko (if your token is not listed there, write n/a)

In the first stage, with the introduction and entry of each person, the participant will be able to connect with 2 people in the program, the more people who are introduced, the more the ability to connect with people in the program, and if the number is higher than a specified number, the prize will be awarded to the whole group, the next activity By paying any amount in the group account, you will enter the new phase of group transactions, and you will play the games inside the Telegram program as a group, and you will all get benefits from this joint action. Also, with the integration of people, the number of program and Telegram audiences will increase unbelievably. Of course, this plan has many other aspects that cause the increasing growth for the participants and the entry of people and their capitals. # Your name

## [](#your-telegram-handle-10)Your Telegram handle (@…)

Tokenomics:  
45٪ - پیش فروش  
27٪ - نقدینگی DEX  
18٪ - تقویت کننده برای استخرها، بازاریابی و نقدینگی CEX  
10٪ - پاداش تیم و جامعه.

نقشه راه:  
پیش فروش (+)  
راه اندازی Big coin  
استخرهای Stonfi و Dedust (+)  
کمپین جایزه  
NFT-مجموعه  
CEX  
gamee

## [](#any-other-links-or-details-that-you-want-to-share-11)Any other links or details that you want to share

By submitting the form I confirm that the data I provided is correct and I fully understand that in case of the contrary, my project will be permanently eliminated from The Open League.  
All games, Telegram programs can be integrated in this project  
@mohsenniki6  
@Mohsenniki62

 

[openleaguesupport](https://tonresear.ch/u/openleaguesupport) June 11, 2024, 10:50am  2

Hello team,

Thank you for taking the time to apply for The Open League.

After a thorough review, we must inform you that, unfortunately, your project does not meet our current eligibility criteria. You can find them through this link: [About the Token & Memecoin Battle category - #7 by PopRocks](https://tonresear.ch/t/about-the-token-memecoin-battle-category/1274/7)

Once your project aligns with these criteria, please feel free to resubmit your application for the future seasons.

We look forward to seeing your application again in the future.

Thank you.

 

*   [Home](/)
*   [Categories](/categories)
*   [Guidelines](/guidelines)

Powered by [Discourse](https://www.discourse.org), best viewed with JavaScript enabled