[TON Research](/)

# [Microdiving - Real working production is tokenized](/t/microdiving-real-working-production-is-tokenized/27181)

[General](/c/general/4) 

    

[Angelskii](https://tonresear.ch/u/Angelskii)  July 3, 2024, 7:08am  1

Real working production is tokenized and allows holders of their coin to choose clothing designs and receive up to 30% profit on sales

Microdiving Coin ( $MIC ) - directly linked to real fabric. 1 $MIC = 1 meter of fabric.

Manufacturing has already prepared 1 kilometer of different fabrics for use in the blockchain.

Holders can actively participate in the garment design process via a special chat room, and in the future via a tg bot.

Holders will receive up to 30% cashback from the margin on goods whose design was created with their participation. Also income will come from bonus programs.

This is not a scam. I communicated with the owner and found out all the details. He is public, you can ask him additional questions yourself - @Andril10

Right now NFT firelaunch is going on and you can invest in production at launch at the best price Ton Raffles has to offer [Ton Raffles](https://tonraffles.app/nft/launchpad/EQC46W25gnrdrK9Y4ueC2McP2DwAsA3oe-yXp36OjGVJ6vBO/UQAl17oY5sIWnRFB75K7NYBkpQCzxxRw6vHe70o7QZiat0Lr)

You can see all the supporting photos and videos on the official Telegram channel of the project - @microdiving

I highly recommend to support the guys, to help in their bold idea, well, and in the future to earn of course.

  1 Like

*   [Home](/)
*   [Categories](/categories)
*   [Guidelines](/guidelines)

Powered by [Discourse](https://www.discourse.org), best viewed with JavaScript enabled