[TON Research](/)

# [Update on the TONMinutes platform: Introduction of NFT tickets and new features! 🎉](/t/update-on-the-tonminutes-platform-introduction-of-nft-tickets-and-new-features/28500)

[The Open League](/c/the-open-league/56) 

    

[catikabu](https://tonresear.ch/u/catikabu)  July 12, 2024, 4:57pm  1

**Dear TON community members,**

We are excited to share with you some important updates about the TONMinutes platform!

**New Ticket Mining System: Introducing NFTs**

We have reworked the ticket minting system, and now every ticket on the platform is represented as an NFT. Previously, users sent TON to a personal wallet to participate in a gaming session, but now each ticket will be a unique NFT, giving it additional value and functionality.

**What do NFT tickets give after a gaming session?**

Don’t worry, NFT tickets will retain their value after the game. In the future, we plan to host special events that will only be available with certain NFT tickets. For example, access to such an event may require first and third place tickets.

Players can sell their NFT tickets, but keep in mind that selling may exclude you from exclusive events. This way, each ticket remains a valuable asset that can be used both to play and to access unique events.

**New hosting: [tonminutes.ru](http://tonminutes.ru)**

We also changed hosting and are now on [tonminutes.ru](http://tonminutes.ru). The platform has been completely migrated and you can continue to enjoy our games and new features on the new site.

**News from TONGrants**

Unfortunately, we were rejected by TONGrants for our platform development grant application. The reason for the refusal is as follows:

> The project idea is great, but at this stage we cannot move forward with your proposal. At this stage of your project, we expect to have some validation of the hypothesis. We encourage you to create a prototype, develop a go-to-market strategy, and begin testing the idea. Also, We’d like to see a clearer, more visible representation of your relevant experience so we can make sure you have the necessary skills and expertise to deliver this product. Please keep us updated on your continued progress and user acquisition.

We understand the comments of the TONGrants team and take their recommendations into account. We are continuing to work on the prototype and go-to-market strategy, and will present our experience more clearly in future applications. We are not giving up and will be looking for investors elsewhere to accelerate development and offer you even more opportunities on our platform.

Thank you for your support and participation! If you have questions or suggestions, join our [telegram channel](https://t.me/TONMinutes) and [chat](https://t.me/TONMinutes_chat).

**Best regards, TONMinutes team.**

 

*   [Home](/)
*   [Categories](/categories)
*   [Guidelines](/guidelines)

Powered by [Discourse](https://www.discourse.org), best viewed with JavaScript enabled