[TON Research](/)

# [$PUTON | Memecoin Mountain](/t/puton-memecoin-mountain/39451)

[TON Memelandia](/c/ton-memelandia/memecoin-mountain/86)  [Memecoin Mountain](/c/ton-memelandia/memecoin-mountain/86) 

    

[Puton](https://tonresear.ch/u/Puton)  November 2, 2024, 11:45am  1

**Submission Form for Memecoin Mountain**

1.  **Your Role in the Competition:**
2.  Memecoin Project
3.  Token name: $PUTON
4.  Contract address: EQAM0LPCnSsv5mVgBqMCu70kvbxNrSthfhu\_QgeUTnvgtD22
5.  **Market Cap (at the time of application):**: $50000
6.  **Daily Trading Volume (for the last 7 days):**: $5000
7.  **Number of Unique Token Holders:**: 612
8.  **Has your token been fairly launched?**
9.  Yes, we launched through gaspump.
10.  **Please provide a link to your CoinGecko listing:**: Apllication ID - CL1807240103
11.  **Are you applying for the Major League or Minor League?**: Minor League
12.  **Briefly describe your memecoin’s strategy for growth and community engagement:**: $PUTON plans to onboard users to TON from every chain in crypto through establishing itself as one of the main political coins in the industry. Through collaborations with projects on other chains, incredible artwork by our in house artist, and a consistently growing community bound by traditional values we believe the Russian leader on the Russian chain ‘TON’ can capture attention from other chains onboard many users to the chain.
13.  **Do you have any partnerships with Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs) or influencers?**
14.  Yes
15.  We have a partnership with @\_yeminiz (On X), a leading KOL on TON with over 45,000 followers who’s also an ambassador with EVAA protocol and $GOATS. Two major projects in the TON network.

(General)

1.  **Would you like to receive updates and announcements during the competition?**
2.  Yes
3.  \*\*Provide your Telegram username for communication and coordination: @PUTONDEV

  1 Like

*   [Home](/)
*   [Categories](/categories)
*   [Guidelines](/guidelines)

Powered by [Discourse](https://www.discourse.org), best viewed with JavaScript enabled