[TON Research](/)

# [Trying to launch an ICO, need advice](/t/trying-to-launch-an-ico-need-advice/41323)

[General](/c/general/4) 

    

[Muhammadreza\_Haghiri](https://tonresear.ch/u/Muhammadreza_Haghiri)  April 25, 2025, 4:29pm  1

I have some startup idea in mind and I also decided to make it more web3-ish. So one thing I can think of, is doing an ICO.  
Now I am here to ask some questions about the ICOs in general.  
Before going deep to my questions, I have to say although I like and studied technical aspects of the crypto world, I still do not understand a lot of mechanisms. So I’m deeply sorry if I seem a little bit like a dumb person here.  
Anyway, these are my questions:

1.  What should exactly be inside the _White Paper_ ? Introduction of the business? why we decided to go with the ICO? why you should pay us or something like this?
2.  Is it okay to point out that a part of money they pay is for development and a part is for liquidity? Let’s say you buy a single token for 0.01 dollars, 0.005 is the liquidity and 0.005 is for me.
3.  This is more about a liquidity pool rather than an ICO, I do not understand how they really work. I put the example here for STONfi dex, since it is where I personally do my exchanging (for TON based tokens). Consider I make a pool for “Example Coin” and I set one example coin is equal to 0.000001 TON coins. I already minted a million “Example Coins”, does it automatically detect the price? so the next person who is buying the token is going to pay one single ton coin for the whole million? I still do not understand this.
4.  In the marketing side, for current market people may show some interest in an ICO. But my question is for the times market is not this hot and also some bad things (like FTX) happened to people, or the times everything is good but crypto is also “just good” and not hot as it is today. What are the best marketing strategies for this?

Finally, if I get my answers and I manage to do a successful ICO, I personally will pay back the community by writing a full guide on what I did and how I did it, because I guess it will be useful for the next person like me who wants to do an ICO.

Best Regards  
M.H.

 

*   [Home](/)
*   [Categories](/categories)
*   [Guidelines](/guidelines)

Powered by [Discourse](https://www.discourse.org), best viewed with JavaScript enabled